brlcad-debian-package
=====================

Debian package for BRL-CAD

This "sand box" is designed to keep all necessary files for BRL-CAD
Debian package making under version control.  The only direct upstream
source is the selected release source tar ball which is unpacked into
a pristine directory in this directory and it is not intended to be
touched by the packaging process.  Any necessary source code changes
are kept with the Debian 'quilt' utility whose database will also be
kept under version control.  Such changes will also be fed upstream.

The package is built out-of-tree in the 'brlcad-build' directory, and
the Makefiles and a package building script
(make-brlcad-deb-packages.sh) are used to drive the process from this
top-level directory.  All files BUT the 'debian' directory can be
deleted without harm since they are part of the 'cmake' configuration
process.  Note that 'make-brlcad-deb-packages.sh' is a modified copy
of the upstream 'sh/make_deb.sh' script.

The 'brlcad-build/debian' directory is kept under version control and
generally stays synchronized with its sister directory in the upstream
BRL-CAD HEAD.  Necessary changes to satisfy the latest Debian policy
and Debian Maintainers are fed back upstream.

Building release packages
=========================

* Select and copy an original upstream tar ball of the desired release
  into this directory.

* Unpack the tar ball and leave it in place.

* Edit 'Makefile' to define the correct release version.

Execute 'make' in this directory to see further instructions.

Building test packages
======================

Testing will track the current BRL-CAD HEAD during testing, so soft
link the local HEAD directory to this directory as './brlcad-N.NN.N'
where 'N.NN.N' is named after the current unstable or HEAD pseudo
release tag.

* Edit 'Makefile' to define the correct pseudo version number.

* Edit 'Makefile' to define the VCS source directory as the HEAD variable.

Execute 'make' in this directory to see further instructions.

Packages
========

The following binary packages are planned:

* libbrlcad
* libbrlcad-dev
* libbrlcad-utils
* libbrlcad-doc
* libbrlcad-dbg
